Hey everyone.
So we're at the final stage of the game
here and we're actually gonna show you how
to fast boot flash everything
onto the dragon board.
So the first thing we're gonna do here
is actually go to the dragon board and
see if we have everything
set up correctly.
So the first thing we wanna make sure as
soon as you get to the dragging board here
is to make sure that there's no
power going into the dragging board.
So make sure there's nothing
plugged into the power jack.
And then the next thing we wanna do
is turn the dragging board over and
then you're gonna see
a couple dip switches.
And these switches are what ensure that
the board boots up into fast boot,
so you wanna make sure that all the
switches are on zero zero zero zero, so
right here we have the switches and
they are all at zero zero zero zero so
that one's good to go, that's clear.
And then the third thing you wanna check
is make sure your micro USB is connected
to your host PC you have your HDMI plugged
in for your monitor, and then you have
this little dongle that plug in connects
with our keyboard and mouse there.
And then now,
we're actually gonna boot into fast boot.
So we kinda went over this
before in previous videos.
But we're just gonna touch on it again and
recap here.
So what we wanna do is
put our finger down and
press down the minus button here, so
it's located next to the USB ports.
So, press the minus button and
then plug in your power jack.
And we found that the sweet spot for
keeping your finger on
the button is about ten seconds.
So at the end of this sentence,
I'm just gonna lift my finger and
the board should hopefully
be in fast boot mode.
And Robert here, is gonna actually check
on his computer if it's on fast boot mode.
Yeah.
Perfect.
So let's go ahead and
take a look here at my computer.
First off, we want to, let's use our path
variable that we made earlier right, so
to do that,
we're going to do a dollar sign fast boot,
which is the variable that I chose
that basically executes my fast boot.
Now, one of the fast boot
commands is devices So
if I put fast food devices,
I should see the device there.
And sure enough, there it is.
You can see the little code that's linked
with our dragon board 410C right now.
Now that we have assured that
the board is in fact in fast boot and
communicating with our host PC we
are going to go into the folder where we
have that script that we downloaded and
modified.
>> With all the bootloaders and
everything [INAUDIBLE].
>> Yeah,
with everything that we have in there.
So let's go ahead and check that out.
So the directory I'm in right now,
I'm gonna need to go into my desktop.
So let's cd into the desktop.
Then from there,
if you remember from the previous videos,
I have everything in my android folder.
So I'm gonna CD into my android folder.
From my android folder I made it difficult
and I have one extra folder to get
through, but now that I'm in there you can
see that my flashall file is right there.
So to execute that in Mac,
you're just gonna ./flashall,
and magically we're going to
start writing everything.
>> Everything is now flashing on,
everything about the operating system is
going to be flashed on to the dragonboard
there
>> And
hopefully by the end of all the flashing,
you're gonna have a fully
functional operating system on your dragon
board, the android operating system.
And you can do a lot of cool things
with it and if you had any problems with
flashing it on there you can
always check our documents.
Documentation, we have some
more information there, and
hopefully we'll see you in our feature
videos and see what you can do with it.
>> One last thing also.
Once you've flashed everything over,
which does take a little bit, I mean,
I think less than flashing an SD card.
But still takes a little bit to boot into
your android system all you're going to
do is just, once everything is ready,
unplug the power and then plug it back in
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So. >> It should boot up straight
up into the operating system there.
>> This is one of the safe times that
you're allowed to just unplug it without
doing anything after you've flashed
everything for the first time.
Besides that, yeah.
>> Like he said, see you in future videos.
>> See you in later videos.